Rocq CLI (#19927)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/cic.rst

      Fail Definition id: Set := forall X:Set,X->X.

> while it will type check, if one uses instead the `rocq repl`
> ``-impredicative-set`` option..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while it will type check, if one uses instead the
``-impredicative-set`` command-line flag.
```
